hi guys today I'm reviewing the avene a
moisturizing self-tanning lotion I gave
this one 2.5 out of 5 stars so it's
pretty average it seems like I've been
trying a lot of just average products
lately and this one was no different I
got this one online at drugstore calm I
think I think you can buy it a few other
places online as well it comes in a 3.4
ounce bottle and it's $25 for this
bottle so that works out to 7 dollars
and 35 cents an ounce which is pretty
pricey it's on the pricier side and this
product comes out as a thin white lotion
so it's thinner than most I'd be careful
when applying it because it can drip and
it's white and there's no dark-eyed in
it it doesn't smell the best it smells
like DHA with just a hint of fresh
fragrance so the DHA fragrant I'm sorry
the DHA smell overpowers the fragrance
it's not the worst smelling self-tanner
I've ever tried and I actually got used
to it after applying it for a few
minutes but it doesn't smell good it
smells mostly like DHA thankfully when I
woke up the next morning after I apply
this the smell was completely gone and
putting it on is pretty simple I mean it
goes on like your average white body
lotion does like I said it is a little
thinner than most lotions it's it's kind
of slick in a little bit gel like so
just be careful when applying it it can
drip and get on your floor or towels or
anything and I would actually use gloves
and applying this because it stain the
inside of my fingers a little bit so
just be careful and maybe wear a glove
or tanning that when applying this the
drying time was about 25 minutes which
wasn't too bad it felt a little bit
sticky at first but then that went away
as it dried so 25 minutes is pretty
average it was it wasn't too long wasn't
super fast either though and you don't
really need to worry about it getting
messy as it dries um like I said it's
white you don't have to worry about a
dark-eyed staining your clothes or your
bedsheets
so that that's nice the color this one
produced was really light I'd say this
is more of a tan extender than an actual
self-tanner it would probably work
well as a tannic center but this one
just gave me a nice glow so my tan was
so light maybe one shade darker it was
more of a glow than an actual tan and
you guys know I like to be pretty dark
so I wasn't really happy with this color
it was smooth unnatural looking but
that's probably because it was so light
I actually read some other views online
reviews online of this product and they
said the exact same thing that no one
was just getting color from it was just
really light so I didn't like that about
this I don't think that men will like
this product because it is so light and
it's also on the pricier side and it
smells pretty gross it lasts about two
days so after about two days you'll have
to reapply it to maintain any glow you
had so you'll need to apply this one
probably three or four times a week
which can become a pain so like I said I
ended up getting this 2.5 out of 5 stars
and for more information on this product
as well as many others visit us online
at self-tanning calm & on Facebook and
Twitter
you